Chapter 3

As the spearton walks away from the archidons corpse
he walks and has morale debuff (yes decaying winter game from roblox reference)
In fact he has 2 morale debuff so he walks kinda slow

Spearton : *sigh* Now what? All my comrades have been killed. Should I end it here?

He didnt commit suicide as he knows that its the archidon's wish for him to get back home to his wife and children
He walks down the hill, only for a toxic dead to throw a projectile at him and block it

Spearton : Hm? 

The spearton throws his spear at the toxic dead and it dies.

Spearton : ....I guess ill get my spear

The spearton finally gets off the hill and reaches the planes of pertland
while walking. he got noticed by a swordwrath chilling at a campfire

Swordwrath : Oi you! Yes you! Why dont you have a seat with us?
Swordwrath 2 : really dude? inviting someone to our campfire? 
Swordwrath 3 : whats happening 

The spearton accpeted the swordwrath's request and decided to chat with them a little.
Swordwrath : So what brought you there?
Spearton : Where?
Swordwrath : Up there. Those forests have been cursed by something. Some of the old warriors said the "Chaos empire"? stays there
Spearton : The chaos empire?
Swordwrath : Yeah that empire has been at war against the order empire for a long time now. Until they killed their queen. Medusa
anyway you should have some water and food. Here ya go

As the spearton hydrates and eat the food they have given him
he decided to go home after finishing his meal.

Spearton : Thank you for the meal.
Swordwrath : Dont worry about it!
Spearton : Alright. time to get back home

He walks back home, taking some breaks in some villages he found.
Until he finally reached the capital city and ready to meet the king.

King Zarek : Would you be so kind to report what happened in those forests?
Spearton : All my comrades died in battle. Your majesty
King Zarek : I see, it is very unfortunate. Very well did you find any gold mines?
Spearton : No, your majesty.
King Zarek : Head to the medical ward and get yourself treated. Said in a disappointed tone.
Spearton : Thank you, your majesty.

fin