After the Great nugget wars, the nuggets and the Order Empire were at peace. This was partly due to the gigantic civil war that occurred between multiple nugget clans in an argument on which nuggety flavor was better, extra crispy or extra spicy. I guess you could say they were beating their meat together! But in the south, there was still a nugget clan led by Negus Noob that had a bone to pick with the Order Empire. The Nuggets strike hard and fast. Within 2 months, they had taken over most of the southern part of Inamorta, and the higher-ups in the Inamoratas government realized that the Nuggets were a threat once more. This time, the Nuggets had opened portals to the NUGGET realm. A realm where the Nuggets originated from and where every single lifeform is nugget based. The nuggets unleashed their most ferocious creatures such as the Nugget worm and the nats. To counter this threat, the wise old men of the Empire decided to recover the legendary Golden Frying Pan (Cue harmony) from the plains of Westwind where it was originally discovered. The Golden Frying pan was supposedly in a treacherous dungeon deep underground so the Order Empire recruited some mercenaries to help with this daunting task. 


The Arabian warriors from lands far to the east and the proud Dwarves from the old northern lands. A group of great warriors assembled including the wise old Grominus and Jeeves who currently held the title of the mythical golden Spearton. The group entered the dungeon and fought their way through many trials and challenges until they finally arrived at the treasure room that contained the Golden Frying pan. It was on a simple table protected by a magical shield that was said to be indestructible. The way to get the Golden Frying pan was to take a bite out of the Infinity taco, an ultra spicy taco that was made using the Golden Frying pan’s magic. If one was to eat too much of it, the person’s body would crumble and the madness of the tacos cosmic horror would drive his mind Insane, for the Infinity taco is incomprehensible to any mortal being. Here is a description of what the experience was like. Jeeves stepped forward and lifted the taco. It looked like an ordinary taco. Nothing out of place or strange. Knowing what he had to do, he took a bite out of the taco. As soon as he did the force of a thousand needles came bursting forward in a fiery inferno of spicy hot sauce that seemed to melt through his tongue like molten rock. Jeeves screamed in pain as his mind also melted into madness. His mouth felt like the deepest pits of hell but through his strength and will, he completely swallowed the bite. The never-ending pain and burning lingered and suddenly, his stomach caught his bite like a bunch of steaming hot coals. His stomach seemed to catch on fire as he groaned and fell to the ground in agony. After what seemed like an eternity, the lingering of the pain finally stooped and Jeeves toppled over and barfed into his helmet. He had acquired the Golden Frying Pan. 


The Dungeon then teleported them to the entrance of the Dungeon and the final battle against the Nuggets had just begun. Noob’s forces gathered at the desert and Order decided to end this here and now. The Order Empire had managed to capture a few nugget worms and train them into powerful steeds Jeeves was given one for the battle at hand. The two sides then charged at each other in a raging fury and Jeeves jumped in to help. He used his Golden Frying pan to redirect the sun’s beams into a laser that toasted Noobs another nugget steed into a crispy delicious mess. Negus was knocked off his steed and engaged Jeeves in a 1 on 1 duel. They did a large number of fancy moves that I am not going to describe and Jeeves realized that they were going nowhere. He then proceeded to kick Noobs nugsack. Noob groaned in pain and clutched his nugballs as Jeeves picked his spear and threw at Noob’s head. “This really be a bruh moment”, said Negus as the spear impaled him straight in the head. With the battle won, the remaining Nugget forces retreated and soon after surrendered. Back in the Nugget Realm, Negus continued to be extremely salty about his defeat and complained that the only reason Jeeves won was that he abused the game’s crappy melee hitreg. No one really minded this as Order citizens like their nuggets extra salty. 
