Prologue
The Fall of Chaos

The day is dark, the smell of smoke and death stains the air around them. 

Miners working hard to obtain gold to quickly boost the troops, Archidons are stationed at the castle gates, fending off crawlers and bombers, the speartons are lined up with their shields to give their troops some time to load up, within their fortress, the gates open up, speartons and crossbowmen joining the ranks as a giant follows them, shackles across his arms and legs.

Their leader, a magikill named Amelius, was within the fortress, speaking with the leaders of the previous nations, a spearton, a swordwrath, and an archidon are discussing their current plans. This is the final staging ground, Chaos’ capital is here, once they defeat their leader and destroy their statue, Chaos will fall.

They all agreed that the best course of action would be to keep speartons as the bulk and the crossbowmen as the damage. 

“I have a small squad of shadowrath, if you can lure out Medusa, I can have them move in to finish her.” The swordwrath, Hector, told them. The Spearton, Troy, would add on “Most of my troops are heavily damaged, we’ll need some swordwraths to join the fight so my troops aren’t overwhelmed.” 

“That can be arranged. Ivan, have your crossbowmen keep their distance, Troy, distract their marrows so my shadowraths can take 'em out.”  Hector would order.

“Got it, let's get moving.” they all agreed and would enter the battlefield once again.

“Orders sir?” One of the speartons would shout as bombers would rush in again, their miner walls deteriorating quickly. Castle archers would snipe any deads that got too close so that their troops aren’t poisoned. The merics are hard at work at healing up wounded troops.

“Push forward! Troy, move out!” Hector shouted, Troy immediately rushing in, his silver armor and bronze spear cutting through some crawlers as their troops would move in.

Their crawlers immediately overwhelmed, the marrowkai captain slams his fist into the ground, killing a few speartons in the process, Juggerknights were now the bulk of their force, the two armies collided, but the juggerknights heavy armor were no match for the bolts of the crossbowmen. 

Deads and eclipsors focused on taking out the crossbowmen, before a sudden bright light was formed, and an explosion knocked them out of the air. Amelius’ blast was as powerful as ever, he was described as an Archmage by many of the magikill and merics. 

The marrowkai growled, raising more deads from the corpses of juggerknights, and as he was ready to send a reaper towards Ivan, a shadowraths sword pierced through the heart of the monster, and he collapsed. “Good riddance.” He muttered before cloaking himself again. 

Their strategy was working wonders, but of course it was faced with many casualties. The giant from earlier would fling his boulders towards the enemy, he would pick up the boulder and bash it onto unlucky juggerknights as well.

On Troys command, he raised his spear and the speartons all threw their spears, raining it down onto the cobra shaped statue, as it collapsed, it suddenly was repaired, every crack was removed, as if the stone regenerated.

Many of the speartons would stare as Medusa was revealed. “Close your eyes! Look away from her!” Troy shouted, his throat nearly giving out as he was trying to get everyone to hear. Many were turned to stone however, The giant withstood the stoning, so did the leaders, they all looked as the originally cloaked shadowraths were uncloaked, revealing their frightened body posture as they collapsed in a pile of stone. 

“You must all die!” Medusa would shout, her hands raised as she would summon swarms of bombers, the giant would step forward and absorb the blasts, grabbing his boulder and flinging it, Medusa would move to the side before her snakes would shoot venom straight to the face of the giant, burning his eyes as he would fall.  

The troops, spears, albows, swords, they all stood back on the orders of Troy and Hector, the two would don their weapons, and made s

Troy and Hector immediately rushed in, Hector using two of his long bladed swords to slash with malice, Troy thrusting his spear into Medusa, but she would slash at them with her copper claws. Troy blocked and Hector parried, she’d shoot out her venom again, but Amelius extended his staff and shot a bolt of lightning straight through her, paralyzing her, before Troy rushed in from behind, with his spear, he spun and slashed it across her neck, catching her head as her body would dissolve.

The statue would crumble as her magic was no longer keeping it intact.

“We.. we did it! Chaos is no more!” Ivan exclaimed, The troops all cheered, Troy and Hector both nodded and Amelius coughed silently. “We won the battle, this is the beginning of the end for Chaos. There is still much work to do. We will establish our base here, cutting off Chaos from their capital, they will be scattered, and we will bide our own time, taking them out one by one.” The leaders nod, and they’d turn around to return to their fortress to catch their breath, and most likely have a drink to celebrate.

Meanwhile, the Chaos troops that were present all scattered to the forests, they were headed to meet up with some of their fortresses and hopefully reunite the rest of Chaos to have another face off. Little did they know that the damage was far greater than they thought. 

This was the turning point. 



