Chapter 4/Gnomes/ Skills

Like the Dwarfs, the gnomes are exceptionally good at making weapons. So good, that they had been chosen to make a weapon that could channel magical power while also being incredibly strong. The weapon was to be used by the Spearton champion Grogicus Blokus to defeat the all-powerful, Fascist Sogoth moor mud, the current leader of the Marrowkai. After Medusa was defeated, her forces were scattered across Inamorta and the Marrowkai retreated to the dark forests in the north to continue to build up their forces. Sogoth resided in the heart of the forest, Vanzak dummkopf in a gigantic fortress. The weapon was a gauntlet made out of the strongest of materials, forged in the hearts of the Earth, able to channel magic so seamlessly, and was so powerful that it was like a force of nature. The plan was for the armies of the order Empire to attack the fortress by crossing the northern Alps and killing Sogoth with the gauntlet. After crossing the treacherous Alps, the armies of Order looked down upon the dark forest of the Marrowkai and struck fast and hard. The Archidons rained down arrows upon their heads. The Speartons threw their spears and blocked arrows, the Swordwrath charged into battle and the Magikill summoned their minions and blinded their enemies with their spells. The Magikill then let out a huge spell that covered enemy lines that completely disrupted their troops. In that fleeting time, Grogicus Blokus ran towards Sogoth. Upon seeing this, Sogoth responded with his dark magic, but Grogicus Blokus cast aside his spells and finally made a leap of faith to drive the gauntlet into his skull. Then, KABOOSHEEEEWWWWeee(releases salvia in the process)eeeeee, Grogicus Blokus charged his gauntlet, and bitch slapped Sogoth so hard in the face that his soul and his body literally disintegrated into mere atoms along with his cheekbones. My man Sogoth got his cheeks clapped harder than the Kardashians at a party. The only thing that was left was the burning husk that was his torso and his life force drifting away into the darkness. Once Sogoth was dead, the remaining Magikill retreated even further into the north and were scattered once again. In celebration, Grogicus Blokus was regarded as a war hero and the Order army took a break for an entire month to party. During that same time, Bromanship written by Gnope Dopius was made available to the public for the first time. Here is one of its passages:


Like a trustworthy friend, you need to:

Never give a homie up

Never let anyone hanging

Don’t ever run around and desert someone

Never let a homie cry on purpose

Never say goodbye to someone who is your true friend
