Chapter 1 (sorry its not in order)
A small scouting party was sent to a dark forest orders from the majesty himself, King Zarek
This team consisted of an elite spearton, an archidon, and a swordwrath.
They were sent with a task of mapping out the area for miners to be able to mine gold.

Spearton : Halt. We've been traveling for over 10 hours now. We shall take a rest over here and set up a small camp.
Swordwrath and Archidon : Alright. 

As the team sets up a small camp, the spearton hears rustling in the east.

Spearton : Show yourself! If you have tried to ambush us you have failed. Surrender now or die!

There was no response.

Spearton : Alright then, if you won't come out yourself I will kill you.

Then suddenly
A pouncer dead launches to the spearton

Spearton : WH-WHAT?

The spearton gets tackled by the pouncer dead.
The archidon swiftly rushes to the speartons help and fires an arrow.

Swordwrath : Hey guys? theres some more deads over here!
Spearton : SHIT!
Archidon : Damn it, I cant handle two things at once, you have to do it yourself.

Chapter 2
The trio fought against the waves of deads bravely. though they will have problems soon....

Spearton : Im coming to your help!
Swordwrath : Thanks. Could really use it.
Archidon : Dont forget me. Said in an angry tone.

As they fought bravely through the stormy night, one of the deads managed to tackle the swordwrath and kill him.

Swordwrath : WH- HELP ME HELP PLEASE AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!
Spearton : NO! DAMN IT, WE LOST ONE, WE HAVE TO RETREAT!
Archidon : Alright lets go! FAST!

They run as fast as they can and avoid the deads
Then when things started to calm down, suddenly.
A pouncer dead launches towards the archidon and bites him!

Archidon : Hm? goes forward to investigate 
Pouncer dead : immediately jumps towards the archidon, giving no time to react
Archidon : HOLY SHIT- GAH IT HURTS SO FUCKING MUCH OH JEEZ
Spearton : Dont worry! Ill kill it! stabs the dead through its brain with the spear
Archidon : God, that hurts so fuckin much. Thanks for helping me back there
Spearton : Dont worry about it
....
awkward silence

Spearton : We have to get out of here and fast.
Archidon : Yeah

The two travel down the hill and find a small abandoned village
The two look around, finding for any signs of life.
Yet the town is silent. Too silent

Then an ambush from the deads commences! 

Spearcher : Well now what?
Spearton : We should run. Like right now.
Archidon : Agreed.

The two attempt to run away
Then a poisoned gut from a toxic dead managed to hit the archidon!

Archidon : AH-, sigh damn they got me you have to keep going 
Spearton : No, I will not leave a warrior behind!
Archidon : It wont be worth it. I will eventually kill you when i become a dead.
Spearton : ....
Archidon : GO! LEAVE ME BEHIND, ILL HOLD EM OFF!
Spearton : *Walks away from the archidon, allowing him to snipe a bunch of deads until his last breath..
To be continued...?