Chapter 3/Gnomes/Gnope Dopius

As of the defeating of Medusa, Gnope Dopius is the leader of the Gnome people and his reign was hella dope. Gnope Dopius was born before the Order Empire that united Inamorta. His family was well known across Inamorta for being the life of the party. Such as Wakdak dikdik who was the first gnome to ever be a spearton. He traveled all across the land and one time he fell in a dark deep hole after tripping on a rock. In that rock, he discovered the legendary DONUT! Legends said that it was the food of the gods and was infinitely delicious with dreams of magic sprinkled on top. He soon tasted it and immediately was overtaken by the amazing flavor and power of this food. He then took it back for other people in Inamorta to eat and everyone enjoyed it so much, they delayed all current wars for a year. Or Gopius Maximus, a well-known gnome druid traveled all around the world and discovered new cultures and new stuff. At the time, his culture was in a continental conflict with the rest of the other nations. Then, after a year of traveling, he headed back home and started the first great conga migration where a group of people doing the conga travels all around Inamorta so that there can be peace once again. So, Gnope Dopius was a pretty big deal. He was the writer of the book, Bromanship which highlights every rule males must follow with their homies. A little bit before Medusa fell, an army of Speartons, Swordwraths, and archidons came to take over his territory in an attempt to gain more land and increase their territorial power. The gigantic army took out several Gnome cities and started moving through the Gnomish forests to reach the Capital city of Hoodap. Then, the night before the invasion, a group of ninja Gnomes snuck into their camp and sabotaged their army while also using the ancient gnomish fighting trick which is to tie one’s shoelaces together. So they did just that and snuck back into the night. At 5 am, Gnope sent out a small army to flank the enemy through the forest and when they attacked, the Order army woke up only to realize that they’ve been bamboozled. Since the army had their legs tied together, they could only flop around like a fish out of water and let out a wet fart. The flanking army soon dealt with the invading army with ease. When news returned to the king of Inamorta, he issued that from now on, the army can only use Velcro. Gnope is also famous for radicalizing the weapon industry by introducing the frying pan as a short-range weapon. The king of the Speartons snorted at the idea and was soon whacked upside of the head with a frying pan. In the years after Medusa reign, he made his two fit songs with Gandalf the Grey. Those two songs were “you shall not pass” and “Rivendell, bitches, and Hoes”. Gnope is currently
 working on his third new album that is soon to be coming out in the next month. 
