
The tale of the Garbage book. A short stick war story

After the defeat of Sogoth, the dark lord of the Marrowkai, the remaining Marrowkai were scattered across the northern alps and crawled back deep into the forests to make a new plan. But while that was happening, Another Marrowkai lord named Vuncent Bangkok was rising and building up his forces far away to the Southwest.  While the other Marrowkai were off hiding deep in the caverns of the North, the Order Empire turned its attention to Vuncent Bangkok and his massive army. But while Order Empire mobilized its troops, a wizard by the name of Grominus Blackus was stirring up a bowl of chicken soup in his laboratory. He was cooking up his Grandmothers recipe when he realized he forgot the pepper. He went to get some pepper for his recipe and unfortunately tripped on a chemical beaker that sent a vivus potion straight onto a pile of books. A vivus potion was a potion that brung anything it touches alive other than the glass which contains it. That meant that a vivus potion splashed onto a book will bring its continents and characters alive into the real world and turn the whole world into that story. Even worse was that the books that got splashed were some of the worst books that could ever exist. Once Grominus told the king about his mistake, the king told his generals to be on guard if anything strange happens. In the southwestern part of Inamorta, all of the major battles were taking place here against Vuncent. The Order Empire started setting up defenses and fortifications against the armies of Vuncent while planning their next attack. 


Soon after, the effects of the Vivus potion were taking place. The living book had created a female protagonist named Mary Janeway and she was perfect at everything while also being narcissistic, unlikeable, and is depressed to make her “quirky”. She had also said that she was half elfish, half-dragon, half-demon, half-edgelord, and half-angel even though that’s not how fractions work. Oh yeah, did I mention that she’s cute and not like other girls? So she quickly became one of the most hated people in the Empire. At the same time, some of the soldiers in the Order army started spontaneously turning gay because that’s totally how you create a good story. After a few weeks, some soldiers even turned trans and started to get some love triangles going which complicated things even more. At the same time, the Chaos forces weren’t doing much better. Their giants and soldiers became massively incompetent whenever Mary entered the battle and failed to win against her multiple times even when Mary Janeway utilized little to no strategy. After a month, things became even worse. The I.Q of key leaders and generals rose and fell depending on the plot of the living book. In the battle of Keyburys hill, the Spearton general, Museimus, decided to abandon their fortifications on Keyburys hill and charge the enemy attackers with minimal support from giants and archidons. When asked about this disastrous plan he said that his forces would win because of the power of friendship. Needless to say, the plan was a disaster and Museimus was killed. The Order Empire retreated from Kingsbury hill and was pushed back to its borders near Westwind. The enemy was advancing and the Order Empire was in real hot water. The Magikill asked Mary Janeway to go stop the advancing enemies but she was off dating a super handsome, strong, half-werewolf, half-human boyfriend that’s also gay, trans, and emo. So in desperation, the Magikill dug through many different types of Gnomish technology when they stumbled upon a gnomish weapon known as the Q.U.A.C.K launcher. Centuries ago, the gnomish inventor, Kopus Gomius made the Q.U.A.C.K launcher. It was a rocket launcher that shot out ducks made out of pure magic at extremely high velocities. It could also launch its user into the air when aimed at the ground thus forth, kopus Gominus invented the beautiful art of rocket jumping.  The Magikill assigned Jay Meeps (A Swordwrath) to use the QUACK launcher. 


On a crisp, chill morning, the Spearton general (Rufford Michen) was sleeping in his warm tent when suddenly, Kyle the Archidon burst into his tent to wake him up. “General, I think you should see this” Rufford immediately put on his uniform and followed Kyle to the outskirts of the camp. “Look out! Its overly dramatic cliche!” screamed a scout while pointing west. A gigantic army was approaching over the hill ready to attack. “Dear God”, muttered Ruffard under his breath. “There’s more, sir,” Kyle said. “They have enough Giants and Ecliposrs to completely flatten these fortifications into the ground.” “Prepare your defenses and get ready to fire. Were not going down without a fight.” The battle began. Swords clashed. Heads were chopped, and arrows flew like eagles in the sky. The Speartons and Swordwrath roared with fury and charged ar the enemy but alas, the Forces were pushed back further, and further. Meanwhile, Jay was rocket jumping through the air. Jay could feel the cool of the air rushing near his cheeks as he came closer and closer to the battlefield. He started running faster and faster. Adrenaline rushed through his blood as he jumped into the air and slid up a ramp and ended it with a mighty leap right into enemy lines like a screaming eagle. “GOD BLESS THE SWORDWRATH!” Jay then let loose a flying fury of magical ducks into enemy lines. He then whipped his trusty frying pan and rocket jumped right at the Marrowkai general.  Seconds before the final impact, Jay could see the surprise and the expression of a man (Er, skeleton) that knew he was dead. BONK! Jay whacked the generals head so hard that it came clean off and to this day, no one has found the Marrowkai head. The loss of their leader filled the Chaos forces with fear as they had never seen a frying pan or a rocket launcher before. With that in mind, the Chaos forces decided to get out of there faster than triggered SJWs on the internet. And with that, Inamortas southwestern border was safe and the risk of an invasion was lowered tremendously. However, casualties involving magical ducks flying at extremely high velocities did not, unfortunately. 

After another month of continued character deaths being used as plot devices, people sexually identifying themselves as an apache attack helicopter, and pointless comic relief characters that have as much personality as a wet fart, the living book decided that now was the time for the final battle between good and evil. The Magikill prepared their attack on the fortress where Vuncent dwelled while Mary Janeway was doing some edgy brooding with her werewolf boyfriend. Then, when the stars aligned, the Order army set out to destroy Vuncnet once and for all. It was time to make the final push. The horn sounded and the Order army rushed the fort all at once. Ladders were thrown against the towers and while the swordwrath scaled the walls, the Archidons were raining down duck arrows upon them. Duck arrows were an ingenious invention that is literally just a magical duck tied to an arrow. That way, the enemy has to worry about 2 things for every arrow. A 2 for one special deal. While the battle continued to rage on, Mary Janeway was currently brooding with her werewolf boyfriend when both of them decided to kiss in the middle of all the action while somehow not being instantly shot by enemy archers. The duo then had a romantic moment and proceeded to bore both armies to death with their painful, repetitive dialogue that could make a person’s ears bleed, blood curdle, and face cringe in frustration. Mary Janeway’s romantic dialogue was later considered to be a weapon of mass destruction by the Order Empire. After 3 excruciating hours of the same repeating masses of poorly written papierkorb, the final big fight between Vuncent and Mary Janeway began. Once the overly dramatic fighting started, Mary Janeway started having flashbacks to her childhood and everything else the readers already knew about. Once the flashbacks were over, 8 hours had passed and everyone was tired and bored but things weren’t done yet. Remembering her childhood and her family, she sprung into battle with Vuncent, overpowering his attacks, one after another. She charged up an energy ball and socked him straight in the chest. After a long, unnecessary flurry of randomly named power moves that have a random Latin word thrown into them, she charged up her most powerful attack. A move so powerful, it was to shake the foundations of time and space itself. The 4rth dimensional love tesseract! Why have puny, confusing love triangles between characters when you can have a godlike 4rth dimension love tesseract where everyone loves each other and where things are so complicated and full of incest that your brain would explode? The love tesseract expanded and grew more and more powerful when KABOOOOSSHHHHeeeeWWWww!!! The tesseract turned into a giant laser beam that destroyed both Vuncent and the living book itself. For the love tesseract was too powerful for any being and was so unstable that it destroyed the source of it in the process. This meant that the living book was gone as well as the Choas leader. Once the smoke cleared, the Order army prepared for battle but it turned out that the Chaos army really didn’t like Vuncent. He was a greedy, narcissistic, Unempathetic pig that stole donuts from his workers. I mean COME on! This guy only groomed himself once a month and when he did cut his toenails, he left all of it on the ground for everyone to step on! So thus forth, both armies agreed to pretend as they had never fought and agreed to leave each other alone. And so the war ended and Inamorta was at peace once again. At least for now. 





