
Chapter 1/random stories/The Story of the Golden Frying pan

Quadrillions of years ago, a great Cthulhu like being existed in our universe but in a different plane of existence, incomprehensible to all mortal beings and infinite in power. This being that we shall call Mothos was practically a god. With mere humans being less important than a speck of dust. Mothos then decided to destroy vast portions of the universe for his amusement. Another being called Uothos was opposed to this. Uothos and Mothos’s conversion went something like this. “I shall destroy these planets to fill my satisfaction!” said Mothos. “Yo, that’s kind of cringe bro, ngl,” said Uothos. Mothos was an all-powerful being but his only weakness was kitchen utensils. So Uothos summoned the Golden frying pan.! It was a frying pan that never rusts or got dirty all while having an infinite amount of magical power. Uothos then proceeded to bonk Mothos on the head with the golden frying pan shattered his soul and body and banished him into another dimension. This stripped the Golden frying pan of almost all of its magical power and it then transcended through time and space for the next 100 quadrillion years. The Golden frying pan wandered and wandered until it crash-landed onto the continent of Inamorta. Two centuries later, the Golden frying pan was discovered by some of the inhabitants in what became known as Pertland. They regarded it as a message from the gods. Nearby in the plains of Westwind, a Swordwrath named Napeloean discovered the genius of the frying pan and proceeded to take over almost all of Inamorta with his troops being only equipped with frying pans for their melee weapons. Legends say he told his troops to attach frying pans to their ranged weapons to maximize efficiency. Later, the Shadowwrath also adopted the frying pan for its lightweight bonking power. It quickly became as popular as the traditional katana for infiltration missions and assassinations. Soon, an entire subclass of Shadowrathw based on the frying pan was created. The deadly Shako clan. These Shadowrath live for trolling enemy Archidons by whacking them with a frying pan among many other things. They use many unconventional weapons such as magical shields that let them have high mobility while still being a deadly threat. They also have the strange urge to wear funny little hats and sell a Stout Shako for 2 refined metal, hence the name of the subclass. Most of them seem to be pansexual as well, which is another very strange thing about them. I guess you could say that it didn’t pan out very well. Soon, the frying pan came to be known as a very versatile, strong weapon in the land of Inamorta. And the Golden frying pan? It became lost to time and no one actually knows where it is. 


